I am back in New York City if you're
only here to figure out which camera I'm
selling go to this time stand guys
what's up I am back in New York City
Washington Square Park look I'm hanging
out with Sam
Jared Sam last time you're in a video
you had a 9 to 5 yeah YouTube life
youtuber life it's good I left Mashable
almost two months ago exactly I just
wake up every day go down to the studio
I don't send an alarm it's great and I
usually stay up really late and play
video games I'm living the life I have
wanted to live for a really long time
it's just fun having the freedom to
dictate your entire system yeah we are
finally testing out the Acton s2 I've
had the Acton s I've had the light so
this is the s2 so there's two hob motors
and instead of one honestly I feel like
the blink light and the S is strictly
for like getting around college campus
or something this is the first act in
word that I've actually used in New York
and it can hold that first pot so it's
kind of heavy it's definitely heavy
I like the board design down there
there's definitely no flex because the
battery does have the lights - yeah it
has light it's prequel the grip the grip
tapes pretty nice - people underestimate
what the Flex does on New York City
Street so this is the flex of a boosted
no not it's just let's do a real road
test we're not staying on the sidewalk
all right watch the road
[Music]
what's right context
Sam's belt is likely ripped so the
buspar it isn't gonna accelerate as fast
miss birthday
traditionally a belt driven electric
skateboard will always accelerate faster
right here you go ready set go
we just turned onto this adorable Street
I have no idea where we are it's almost
like a little European town this is
insane my thoughts at the act in blink
s2 is it's the first action board that I
would actually ride in the streets of
New York because it has two motors so
it's more powerful the first two are
like you need to get around on college
campus cop those the hub motors are
surprisingly powerful braking works to
this controller is definitely not great
but it's cool because it's more of like
a skateboard which you might prefer if
you're looking for some sort of electric
transport if you're gonna spend $1,000
on a board just like ask your parent or
guardian for an extra couple hundred ask
Santa Claus for an extra save the money
and get a boosted board because when you
buy into these things you're taking a
big risk because these are very
dangerous and it's hard to recommend
something that is not as responsive and
direct as the boost support but the
booster board you just feel it in your
soul yeah especially when you're flying
down the streets of Manhattan you want
to have confidence that you can stop and
go roll well it's good to be back in New
York City with the squad that are you
eating pizza only the squad oh yeah
basically I just got my security deposit
back for my last apartment I'm just like
yeah subscribe to this base Scheffer
youtube.com slash Sam Scheffer umm
twitch and if you don't know who I am
you know it's funny Sarah a lot of
people I'm on the discord and twitch I'm
like how do you know who I am most
people are saying Birds we were like oh
I found you in a stare at each video
I'll squash the can yeah I think that's
a bird
sounds like a cicada anyway thank you
thank you
in the past I have informed you on what
is the best vlogging camera what is my
camera kit for this and that well today
I am finally changing things up a bit I
am selling my sony a7r to hopefully the
reasons why i am selling this can inform
you as a consumer on which camera you
should purchase next how sony cameras go
it's basically the point-and-shoots
RX 186,000 and then the a7 s and a7 ours
and what I found recently is I am using
my vlogging camera as my Sony
point-and-shoots more than these fancy
cameras because of two major factors the
first one is just the size of course
it's always going to be more convenient
to pull out a point shoot the second
reason is because of the screen I do a
lot of things where I shoot myself like
right now
I am using these Sony rx100 v it's not
as good as this Sony but it has a
flip-out screen so I can see where I am
I can see if my person is in the frame
and this really comes in handy
especially because I put different sized
lenses on this so what I'm using with 16
to 3 I need to make sure I'm framed up
right but there's no way it's guessin
check you literally have to set the
camera down press record go sit where
you're gonna sit acts like you're
talking I'm gonna laugh for 10 seconds
go back to the camera see if you're
framed up right do that as many times
until you get the right shot it's
annoying
for the time being if I am doing a
interview and I want to ingles Basin s
who will be my main camera but then the
rx100 can easily be a second shot the
tighter shot dealing downside is if I'm
recording in 4k this will only shoot 4k
for 5 minutes so I'm going to sell my a
7 R but that doesn't mean that I'm not
going to replace it I'm actually waiting
until Sony releases a third version of
the a7 s because they might include that
flip screen and that's really all I need
because Sony cameras are fantastic at
low light or slow-motion is very buttery
so basically what I'm looking in the
next iteration of the a7 line is slo-mo
and 4k and
flip out screen if that doesn't happen
that I think the gh five might pull me
to the dark side with the only downside
is it's not a full-frame sensor which
really bums me out so Sarah why are you
selling the a7 are opposed to the a7 s I
am always shooting video I mainly shoot
video but I am an avid iPhoneography so
I shoot more pictures on my iPhone than
I do on my fancy cameras the a7 art is
actually meant for photography it has a
lot of the great video perks as the a7 s
but this has more pixels but then it
also has some drawbacks when it comes to
video for example when you shoot in slow
motion 120 frames per second it only
shoots it in 720 opposed to 1080 like it
does in the a7 s I got both of them
because I was like variety this is great
but the drawbacks of video on the a7 are
are not worth the photography perks when
I don't really even care that much the
a7 s takes fantastic pictures so if
you're in the Sony fam and you want to
step up your game the a7 r2 is a
fantastic camera but it leans a little
more on the photography side so that's
why I am selling it probably help if you
are considering getting a Sony camera I
think the rx100 is one of the best
cameras ever the sony a7s - and a7 r2
are great for what they do but I really
think the Panasonic gh4 is killing it
now on the lines of technology and me
sitting down and just talking to you I'm
sure this is very boring if you're not a
tech person I have packages let's open
some packages I'm not too sure what all
this is but I'm pretty sure some of it
is exciting camera stuff are you excited
I can I can feel how excited you are
right now so this is gonna be from
moments lenses they are the lenses that
I put on my iPhone and honestly the only
reason why I have a phone case now okay
this box is impossible oh I'm so stupid
it has one of these tabs so I only have
the wide and fish-eye moment
this one is the tele lens look how
beautiful that is equivalent to a sixty
millimeter and this one is the macro
gonna be able to take some close-up
shots with this guy i experiment
enjoying these lenses so I look for it
to test it out all of them together look
how tiny this macro lenses dang that's
without the hood something I bought see
that is very nice but the lenses down
here put some charging cables and stuff
boom there you go all four lenses the
wide lens is a beast of a lens look at
how pretty that is so you need the
moment case in order to latch on these
lenses to your phone this is their
normal case it has a very low profile so
that's what I went for but for the days
that are more intense and I'm going to
need an extra boost of battery this is
their battery case which honestly is
still pretty freakin thin and look at
this there's even a shutter button right
here so you're taking pictures you can
go click like a camera here is a
thinness comparison battery case on the
bottom normal case on the top these are
headlights for my boosted board so when
I'm riding the booster board at night no
one's gonna run over me yeah so I think
you guys know that I drink a lot of kent
water my whole fridge is full of it and
i got a lot of it watermelon is my
favorite right now it's naturally
flavored water that doesn't have any
sugar or diet sweeteners or anything and
i absolutely adored the people at hint i
actually just did a facebook ad thing
with them which was so much fun a lot of
you guys have actually been like sarah
you're popping up on my facebook feed
your hint at it which is a lot of fun
but they make sunscreen lord knows I
need sunscreen but it's hint
fruit-scented sunscreen I have to say
it's the prettiest sunscreen I've ever
seen ok let's spray some grapefruit
sunscreen up in here let's see how it
smells Wow
hint this is weird this is kind of weird
that you make sunscreen but it's cool
last
but certainly not least this big package
oh you know what I'm gonna have to save
this for the next video let me know if
you guys like this video if you learned
something all the links will be in the
description below from eBay links to
shred lights to moment lenses I am
excited about what's in this it will be
in the next video this week has been a
little hectic for me because I have been
filming and editing a video for buffer
festival which is a Film Festival for
online video that happens in Canada it's
going on at the end of September and I'm
stoked for it but there's kind of that
added pressure of the video so I filmed
refilmed and stressing out about that
right now I loved hanging out with you
guys subscribe down below to become a
part of the peachy fam things get
creative over here stay peachy okay
[Music]